
The Guild


1.  The Guild Structure

1.1 Development of the Voting System and organizing of the Election are carried out by the Guild which consists of: -

Development team
Financial team
Marketing team
Operations team 


2. The Objectives of the Guild

The objectives of the Guild are to: -

(a) Take over the Project, including the handling, administering, moderating, coordinating and funding of this GitHub project.

(b) Develop the Voting System and execute the Election on global scale.

(c) Ensure that the Voting System allows voters to cast their votes and nominate candidates for the Election from any location globally by using their devices and internet connection.

(d) Ensure that the Voting System should have features and functionalities to execute the Election, such as: 

registration and login, 
voter authentication, 
GPS detection, 
support multiple languages, 
accessible to individuals with disabilities, 
support public discussion, comment, and posting of link or file for matter related to the Election, 
vote casting, 
making nomination, 
vote counting, 
results display, 
control measures to safeguard the integrity of the Election, and 
such other features or functionalities as decided by the Guild.

(e) Organize the Election and ensure the integrity of the Election. 


3. The Milestones

The milestones of the Project are: - 

(a) Finalize the budget, requirements and design specifications

(b) Raise fund for the Project

(c) Develop the user interface and basic functionalities

(d) Implement security measures and authentication processes

(e) Test the Voting System and fix any bugs

(f) Deploy the Voting System to a hosting platform

(g) Provide briefing and technical support for users

(h) Promote the Voting System globally

(i) Organize the Election according to the Rules

(j) Announcement of the Election Result upon closure 


4. The Timeline 

The timeline for this Project will depend on the size of the development team and the complexity of the requirements as decided by the Guild.


5. Remuneration

Prior to the completion of the Voting System, there is no monetary remuneration for Guild members, the Guild is doing this solely to make the Election possible. Any future remuneration structure may be proposed to the Architects and may be applied if accepted by the Architects.

