THE ELECTION RULES

PURPOSE
1.  The purpose of these Rules is to elect:
(a) Firstly, 200,000 prominent individuals, from various fields of expertise, including but not limited to religion, spirituality, culture, science, technology, academics, medicine, manufacturing, economy, authorship, government, NGOs, art, literature, law, and finance, among others; and 
(b) Then, 1 million individuals allocated to all countries or territories around the world based on the countries’ population ratio over the world’s population with adjustment (“the Quota”).
These 1.2 million nominated and elected individuals are collectively referred to as “the Architects”.
The election of the Architects is referred to as “the Election”.

OBJECTIVES
2.  The objectives of the Architects are to define, develop and implement sustainable solutions and plans that are important to ensure the betterment of the world and humanity as a whole, and to monetize the above efforts and use the profits to establish, maintain, and/ or improve the above objective.

THE VOTING SYSTEM
3.1 The Election will begin once a secured, transparent, self-governed and decentralized online Voting System (“the Voting System”) is devised and opened for public use, and will last for one calendar year. 
3.2 The Voting System will be developed by the people through collaboration. 
3.3 The vote counting and the publish of voting results will be self-governed and decentralized, using secured and transparent methods. 
3.4 The Voting System will be used only for the Election before the conclusion of the Election. The Architects shall decide on the extent and manner of the usage of the Voting System after the Election.

NOMINATION AND VOTING
4.1 Nomination and voting can only be made through the Voting System.
4.2 Each internet user may nominate or vote for a maximum of 2,000 individuals, but may only vote once for each nominated individual.
4.3 Eligibility to nominate or be nominated as an Architect is open to anyone who can prove their existence, regardless of citizenship or residency status.
4.4 Anyone may self- nominate or nominate any person for the position of Architect, and may reject a nomination from other person. 

OFFICE OF ARCHITECTS
5.1 The first 200,000 individuals with the most votes will be elected as Architects. The following 1 million Architects will be elected from the individuals having the most votes of each country or territory following the Quota.
5.2 There is no set term of office for the Architects, and once elected, they remain Architects unless removed in a way as decided by the Architects themselves.

FUTURE RULES
6.  All future regulations will be decided by the Architects.
