THE RULES OF THE ELECTION


1. THE PURPOSE

1.1 The purpose of these rules is to govern an election to elect: 

(a) Firstly, 200,000 deserving individuals from various fields; and

(b) Then, 1 million individuals will be elected based on the population ratio of each country or territory in the world (“the Quota”), with adjustments made to distribute fractions from more represented countries or territories to the lesser represented ones, so that the Quota for each country or territory is a rounded-up figure.

These 1.2 million nominated and elected individuals are collectively referred to as “the Coordinators”. The election of the Coordinators is referred to as “the Election”.

1.2 The Coordinators are elected for the objectives as stated in Rule 2. 


2.  THE OBJECTIVES OF THE COORDINATORS

2.1 The objectives of the Coordinators are: -

(i) to coordinate efforts relating to developing and implementing sustainable solutions that are important to ensure the betterment of the world and humanity as a whole, and 

(ii)  to coordinate efforts relating to the monetization of the above objective, and the use the profits to establish, maintain, or improve the above objective.


3.  THE VOTING SYSTEM 

3.1 The Election will begin once a secured, transparent, self-governed and decentralized online Voting System (“the Voting System”) is devised and opened for public use, and will last for one calendar year. 

3.2 The Voting System will be developed by the people through collaboration (“the Guild”). 

3.3 The Voting System shall be self-governed and decentralized, using secured and transparent methods as developed by the Guild. 

3.4 The Voting System will be used only for the Election, and nothing else. The Coordinators shall decide on the extent and manner of the usage of the Voting System after the Election.


4.  NOMINATION AND VOTING 

4.1 Nomination and voting can only be made through the Voting System. 

4.2 Each internet user may nominate or vote for a maximum of 2,000 individuals, but may only vote once for each nominated individual. 

4.3 Eligibility to nominate or be nominated as a Coordinator is open to anyone who can prove their existence, regardless of citizenship or residency status. 

4.4 Anyone may self- nominate or nominate any person for the position of Coordinator, and may reject a nomination from other person.


5.  OFFICE OF THE COORDINATORS 

5.1 There is no set term of office for the Coordinators, and once elected, they remain Coordinators unless removed in a way as decided by the Coordinators collectively. 

5.2 Nothing in the Rules shall not be construed as restricting the powers of Coordinator to make the rules relating to the affairs of the Coordinators, including amending the Rules.

5.3 All future rules relating to the Coordinators will be decided by the Coordinators in agreed ways.

